Dare to ask girl
Where is Xianjun
Where do you belong
fish hook
D
Fall into the well
It turned out that the fishing hand hook fell into the well and drowned
My grandson provoked the murder weapon Tao Dian
I don't know if Ding Xian's family can survive
Can't stand how
So what if you can't stand?
The Xianjia can and I must be worshipped by the Zhang family during the holidays
Incense continues
It goes off and on.
If the Xianjia is not very fragrant for three days
Thank the soldiers of the Xianjia family with hatred
Ha ha.
No incense needed.
No need to offer
I drowned from hunger.
Go, enter the ancestral house
Go around three times
Send you 30,000
Repeat three more times
Dead knot can be broken
Grandpa
How did he promise me
I didn't expect you to find this brother
Quite reasonable
You immediately prepare three porcelain bowls.
Three bowls of glutinous rice
Go to the ancestral house of the Ding family in Yushugou now
We found a well.
Koi is right
Your brother died of starvation and drowning
You're going to walk three laps around the wellhead to put you down
Someone asked what you do
Just say it's for you.
Don't say anything else
And nothing can go wrong.
Oops, what about after the rice is delivered?
After delivering the rice, you will go to the Ding family's ancestral house to stay for another three days
Your daughter-in-law
Brother and master will carry it for you, go
Ah, this should be the elm ditch
Boy, help me get a bucket of water